Add the mention of MY_PROJECTS() in TQL Cross-Tracker Search doc (#1545)
Enalean/tuleap-documentation-en: languages/en/user-guide/tql/cross-tracker-search.rst

    ORDER BY @last_update_date DESC
    // Get tickets assigned to me from support project. Display their title, status, who opened the ticket and the last modification date

    SELECT @pretty_title, @submitted_by, @last_update_date, @status
    FROM @project = MY_PROJECTS()
    WHERE @status = OPEN() AND @assigned_to = MYSELF()
    ORDER BY @last_update_date DESC

>     // Get artifacts opened and assigned to me from projects I'm member of,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Get artifacts with open status and assigned to me from projects I'm member of,
```

>     // display title, who opened the artifact, the last modification date and status

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // display title, who created the artifact, the last modification date and status
```
